media: SimpleX logos (#5577)
simplex-chat/simplex-chat: blog/20240314-simplex-chat-v5-6-quantum-resistance-signal-double-ratchet-algorithm.md

<sup>2</sup> Post-quantum cryptography is available in beta version, as opt-in only for direct conversations. See below how it will be rolled-out further.

Some columns are marked with a yellow checkmark:

> - when messages are padded, but not to a fixed size (Briar pads to the size rounder up to 1024 bytes, and Signal - to 160 bytes).

Author: ```suggestion
- when messages are padded, but not to a fixed size (Briar pads messages to the size rounded up to 1024 bytes, Signal - to 160 bytes).
```
